
	      (please read carefully)

		1 - WELCOME CREATOR

	Hello, thank you for Purchasing this LA Fence Sprite Pack. 
If you Purchased this pack, you can use the assets to your will.
However they are our Graphics, but we are allowing you to use them for all your needs. 

		2 - TERMS AND CONDITIONS

	Your NOT allowed to copy this pack and/or give it away.
If you did't buy this pack, you aren't allowed to use it. That is called Theft.


 		3 - FEATURES AND OFFERS

	This Fence Pack features over 30+ different types of Fences for you needs.
Ranging from Brick, Obsidian, Iron, Metal to wood types like Maple, Walnut,and Jungle. 
All the graphics are Pixelated and have an aspect ratio from around 6-40 pixels for both width and length, depending on the fence.
Each sprite has its own individual file. The files are all in .PNG extensions.
You can use all the pre-made sprites or you can create you own fence from all the Sprite parts(see part 5).

		4 - GETTING STARTED

	Using the Pre-made assets for your Game is easy.
Go ahead and open the '2-Fence placing.gif' in the folder to get a preview.
Copy and Pasting the fence sprites is as easy as the Preview!

	We also added Posts and end pieces for fences to make them look finished.
Go ahead and open the '3-Posts and end pieces.gif' in the folder to get a preview.
Adding a Endpiece at the end of a fence gives it a new look, but its optional.

		5 - CUSTOM FENCES

	Make and customize your own fences using all the premade parts 
like Posts, lanterns, Planks, ropes, and flags. Using all the Parts in the Premade Parts folder, 
you can select different parts and connnect them together in a PNG or other file using proffessional or free editor.
Go ahead and open the '4-Custom Fences.gif' in the folder to get a preview of how its done.
There are hundreds of different Possibilites. Go Try it out!
(Open the fence_spritesheet.png to see all the Fences, or open the individual_sprites folder.)

		6 - CONTACT US

NEED HELP? CONTACT US at :       	limitlessassets4u@gmail.com
REQUEST TEXTURES? CONTACT US at : 	limitlessassets4u@gmail.com









2019\03\19
v1.1